Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
This purpose of this application is to allow business users to create data to help customers of the bank understand the revenue generated by regularly investing in their accounts.

What did you do particularly well?
The header and accompanying .cpp file were done particularly well.   I enjoyed creating the class that accompanys the investments.

Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
The code left one section undone.   The ability to page results for long investment periods would make it easier to show longer return times.   Also, the ability to write the results to a file would help users to take the results home with them.

Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
Being the first time I had created a C++ class that part was very challenging.  It took a lot of iterations of compile, run, debug to fix this.  Print statements and online documentation helped to solve this issue.

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
Writing code based on client requirements and creating object oriented frameworks using custom header files can be utilized in a lot of different projects from here on out.

How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
The program is maintanable by remaining simple in its execution.   Readable in its use of commenting. Adaptable by utilizing object oriented programming.   The module for interest accrual can be utilized by any number of other modules.